could a stranger ever convince you to
threw a party at your house or convinced
you to swap your room for theirs for an
entire day or even cancel all your plans
to go skydiving on the spot well you
might think no one could ever trust a
stranger to do any of these things but
there's one man who's done it all is
Tamar can do our in-house social
butterfly and smiling extraordinaire it
seems like he can do it all but today
ladies and gentlemen unbeknownst to him
we're going to see our local hero
struggle hard for the first time today
I'm doing a bend and then blur in a very
different way let me expand the airport
there because otherwise
[Music]
thank you
hello a bit of a windy and rainy morning
and I'm late
[Music]
alright let me explain to you why the
challenge this time is a little
different
all right here's the deal so far we've
done abandoned ends and sinky Paris
Madrid and most recently Bangkok but
every time we've done it it was always
in the same city that we were all
traveling to but this time I'm gonna do
it a little different a couple of weeks
ago I got a challenge from the company
that makes the electric skateboard that
I ride in bored and they asked do you
want to do an abandoned and where you
fly out of the country that the team is
in and go to a completely different city
in another country without your wallet
survive for 24 hours and then make it
back I obviously said yes and here we
are the plane leaves in 10 minutes so I
got to go but I'll finish the story when
I get to Copenhagen Copenhagen I'm
really really jet-lagged because I just
got back from the US like two days ago
probably wondering is this episode it's
possibly a morgue yes it is I'm actually
very excited and you
this to be getting all around today
because I love using the board threader
on LA and now I can't wait to ride this
board around the city that I've always
wanted to visit question is how the hell
do I get out of the airport into the
city center I have no money or wallet
I'm so there's a little bit of a twist
today we will be joined by my friend
andreas who is one of our favorite
filmmakers on YouTube a hundred percent
go check him out so he came all the way
today to meet and help me shoot a little
bit he's gonna have no involvement with
my challenge myself
people are kind of reserved hard to talk
to so I think it's doing a bit tough one
a really tough one enjoy yourself you're
really leaving man taking the train with
a hot cup of coffee awful first meeting
hey guys can ask for something I want a
challenge right now and I end up
travelling without my wallet from who
the battle is wondering if there's any
way you can get a bus tickets in the
city no worries man luck personnel of
the day it's not gonna be the last I can
ask for something I wanted he doesn't
like I am on a challenge to survive in
Copenhagen for 24 hours without my
wallet now I'm supposed to live a full
24 hours using the help and kindness of
strangers you can get me a bus ticket or
a metro ticket to get into the city have
any Danish money no worries sorry I'm on
my way to board a train and this ticket
was actually quite cheap so it shouldn't
be too hard for a Mart to get on a train
for something
No thank you okay I just asked the cops
or what looks like this is my only
option right now
it's about 28 minutes to the city center
[Music]
thank you yes it was awesome
to find someone to get me food right now
right now I'm on a challenge your
challenge yeah I'm supposed to survive
24 hours I was oh my god right now yeah
to survive this I love go exploring
[Music]
[Applause]
I just passed by some Americans I'm
gonna try and catch up and then ask them
I'm doing a challenge where I have to
survive being in Budapest
24 hours without my wallet if you have a
place to stay a couch or a floor I can
crash on tonight we could have an offer
but we don't like you have a couch or
floor than I can no worries thank you
guys appreciate got a few coins that
American couple gave me so it'd be good
for anything something for dinner it's
been an extremely fun day exploring the
city and being able to get everywhere so
fast but I'm just really concerned about
where I'm gonna sleep tonight that's
where I'm most like you sleep tonight I
just hope that I don't get woken up by
like a cop the towels are expensive and
like I don't think people here have big
apartments or anything
I still have faith I'm like just so
tempted to take a nap right now maybe
I'll do that let's just along for 10
minutes this thing is not really meant
for sleeping it was too good to be true
oh it's gonna rain it looks like it's
gonna rain outside thankfully the Sun
doesn't set here until 10:00 p.m. so
still got about two hours of sunlight
before it goes dark and lonely okay so I
was filming next to Jacob and then I
explained the Challenger and he's like
yeah take my number and if you don't
find someone later hit me up thank you
for being so nice okay okay yeah that's
perfect so I will be healing out Jacob
tonight if I end up not finding anyone
else but at least I can go out with that
energy just knowing that I'm not gonna
be sleeping on the street let's go
explore more now and potentially eat
dinner with those coins that I won oh
that's within my price range right now
I've got 60 in my pocket no way Nutella
crepe for dinner bring your bag the good
old days in Paris
[Music]
yeah you feel that I called rain this is
the last money I had the only money I
have today and it's about to go in my
belly and it's raining I'm for the night
hey might be the last thing I ate today
god only knows smelt it's about 10:00
p.m. till it hurts a guy that I
necessarily Instagram hasn't responded
like half our discomfort that I'm doing
is I'm trying to survive in Budapest for
24 hours sorry Budapest Wow we're
studying abroad currently we live with
like half of the study abroad students
and half of like Danish people and one
of our initial is kind of low but it's
really great very micromanager though
let's try this yes is it with the three
push you ready yeah see discomfort man I
dunno no that's why you just go slow
slowly you go forward but I did it yeah
tonight if you guys are up to anything
special
less of like the bar vibe and a few guys
my age tense resolve your issue of your
roommate I'd be happy if you're real
desperate us no and then like we can
just beam back out literally on the
balcony there were nice they're really
nice should I ask them so far we've just
had like he's extremely certain definite
feelings of people just coming up and
being curious about like whether
it's the board whether it's see
discomfort this girl just came up to me
and she was like oh let's see discomfort
look that's my life motor right and I
explained then the shoes in trees and
then now I possibly have another place
to stay in case things get desperate so
I was going for shelter for two flowers
until picks up at night then
there's more students at me alright it's
about 11:00 p.m. you pretty much just
took a nap on this bench I still don't
have a place to stay that guy I met
earlier I woke up to a DM from him
saying that his parents said no I am
extremely jet-lagged and extremely
delirious and somehow I ended up
sleeping with my helmet off it's not
working out for me this time but I'm
just gonna keep going I'm just gonna try
I'm gonna head to where all the student
bars are and hopefully be able to
convince the not so drunk college
students to take me in for the night
without my wallet for 24 hours my board
has gone it looks like going to sleep on
the street that
well that was the bar area I honestly
don't know what to do never been stuck
like that on a challenge and it sucks to
be stuck when you're all so jet-lagged
and exhausted and hungry and thirsty but
again this is what it's all about
it's that empathy that you get to
cultivate for people who are less
fortunate people who just can't make the
decision to go eat something when they
want it's moments like this when I'm
more grateful than ever I am probably
just gonna go on a sidewalk chill for a
bit trying mind that one person was not
gonna be hammered right now and keep
asking
12:36 and I've been sitting here for
about half hour waiting for any signs of
a sober person to all right I've got
pretty good and use these two girls
Sabrina and Shelby who I met earlier
today and that's just me on Instagram
and say you're welcome to stay on our
floor slash balcony if needed so that is
really good news because about 16
minutes ride away so I'm gonna head
there right now and get some sleep
because I am just I'm done the Sabrina
and shall be we go
I think I just arrived where they told
me to come I was literally about to like
crash on a bench it came through dinner
dinner protein bar all what I need right
now see you in the morning we did it
that's 5 a.m. woke up to a phenomenal
sunrise after some amazing conversations
with the girls it's just always awesome
to meet people who are on the same
wavelength
I think everybody's thirsty I'm just
gonna leave in silence you're not saying
thank you so much it Sabrina and she'll
because you're ever in California I need
a place to stay
do you know where to come all right
peace
[Music]